quick look at this and this and this and
this did you notice anything only the
last one was made by Razer here let me
slow it
down this and this that's no snake it's
a frog and it also shows up here on the
sick custom hang tag and the shade of
green that ain't quite right either but
don't feel bad when we first spotted
these green and blackbox products next
to the check out in the auto part store
we didn't notice either wait Auto Part
store we're only 32 seconds into this
video and I have so many more questions
than I did when I started guess I better
clear my
calendar these uh screwdriver sharp
gaming peripherals are branded dart frog
but they're actually manufactured by CJ
Global Inc who even is that you ask well
based on their website they're
everything to everyone they're the
refreshing Touch of Mexican beer on your
lips the Forgotten Vanguard of American
Heroes the brave explorers of the final
frontier okay they're a Bargain Basement
Electronics manufacturer who appears to
have made some pretty big brand deals
good for them frankly I didn't realize
the US Army was so into merchandising
now drop down and give me 20 Segways to
our sponsor make it the ridge upgrade
your everyday carry with the ridge
wallet it's RFID blocking technology
protects your cards from digital theft
while it's durable materials ensure that
it lasts for years to come click the
link below and use code Linus to save
10% on your purchase and get free
shipping hopping right in Dart Frog's
packaging is clearly designed to
piggyback on Razor's hard-earned
reputation but being a knockoff isn't
necessarily a knock against a product as
long as the price is right and for what
we paid for the dartfrog m307 laser
gaming mouse 11 Freedom dollar we're
prepared to overlook a few Wards the
packaging feels more premium than some
real razor products and the specs
honestly kind of appealing adjustable
DPI at four levels 500 1200 1600 and
2400 why 500 not the standard 800 I
don't know ergonomic design color
changing light seven lights or seven
colors um we don't know we'll figure
that out and a braided 1 and A2 meter
cable and in terms of the look and
ergonomics it is not that dissimilar to
comparables from Brands like Razer and
Logitech to be clear there are some
eyebrow razors here eight buttons with a
fire key what's a fire key left click no
oh this if it works anywhere near as
well as the RGB who knows maybe I'll be
impressed there it is the first piece of
our fart I mean dart frog gaming setup
and next we've got the k520 metal gaming
keyboard for
$22 I don't know about you guys but I
love it when the key specs on a product
have no formatting and zero punctuation
sorry I mean when they're romatic metal
design anti- ghosting USB plug and play
specifications colon RGB LED backlight
5ft cable usba interface anti-
ghosting sounds promising to
me looks less
promising feels even less promising In
fairness there is metal involved however
flimsy it might be there's probably less
Flex in this t-shirt LTT store.com but
some of these other specs I just have no
idea what they're talking about seven
keys shortcuts 12 buttons what is that
even mean and why is there an Internet
Explorer shortcut I guess you need it if
you want to be compatible with Windows
XP all the way to Windows 10 not 11
curiously I guess you got to draw the
line somewhere though this will go
perfectly with my mouse and look an
integrated phone
holder to round out our amphibious
gaming setup we've got the dartfrog S14
two computer gaming speakers with RGB
LED lights for $11 they feature 3 wat 2
1/2 in drivers are these even actually 2
and 1/2 in they're under two frequency
response down to 25 HZ strong doubt HD
quality sound oh boy these guys I think
probably their best feature looking at
them is going to be that they make my
hands look
huge what does separation plusus 40 DB
mean
yeah the lack of an indicator for which
is the right and which is the Left
Channel not to mention the USB power I
think tells me everything I need to know
about the performance of these
speakers they do look kind of pretty
though and look at that built-in volume
dial is it just me or does that seem to
suggest that these were headphones at
some
point oh wow I am immediately doubting
some of these very real user reviews
Linda n
I think you can go wrong with this mouse
ergonomics are kind of a mess you guys
are going to be feeding me some Labs
data for this right yes we' got
information on accuracy precision and
latency oh
good I'm just trying to click play and
this is already a disaster took me three
attempts I clicked CS2 and apparently
we're going to play Tac FPS micro
Corrections easy V2 my favorite easy you
say
[Laughter]
it just feels a little bit off though it
actually doesn't feel that far off they
say that this is set at 500 DPI but what
we measured was actually closer to the
standard 800 it was around 700 DPI so
you know it's uh explains why it feels a
little off yeah just a little off
481 that's fantastic considering that uh
this Mouse has a deviation that's about
three times worse than the cheapest
mouse that logic Tech makes ah I see so
that's the
consistency with which your motion will
be interpreted should I try this with a
Logitech mouse and see if I do any
better sure or give me give me give me a
real razor do we have a real razor we
have the Death Adder which is nice very
similar to the essentials which is what
will be our recommendation it's slightly
better than the essential though I don't
know why I'm doing this to myself
because realistically oh God this is not
going to be any better oh my God it's
definitely better what I say I got last
time 480 I think yeah just about 480 I
believe okay to give you guys some idea
I am halfway through and I'm at 305 now
565 those Precision numbers are
especially bad when you consider that
we're comparing to a bad Logitech mouse
if we compare it to the 305 which is
kind of where they start getting pretty
good uh it's a factor of about 25 times
worse but
that but that doesn't mean every gaming
mouse from the automotive shop is bad
while we were in line we also picked up
this Tech Theory gaming pack that
promises to make you the gamer you
always wanted to be and oh my God I
think it's actually
working any who the reason I bring this
up is that the mouse is actually pretty
interesting and look it even comes with
a bonus LED light
strip the kind of left me to my own
devices on this one here's the LED strip
it does have an IR receiver can use with
remote control but it doesn't include a
remote so I guess I hope you like this
as for the mouse there's not much in
terms of specs we got the cable length
which uh seems to be over reported by 10
cm which my wife tells me is a lot and
then the outer diameter sure 2.6 it's
RGB with a USC interface they mean USBC
nope it's type A maybe it was a type O
oh hey okay no but what is helpful is
they actually indicate the sensor part
number which gives us some unusual
insight into the costs of these bargain
Isle peripherals a quick Google search
later indicates that it is 11 cents I
cannot wait to try this one you want to
know how much that box costs the Box um
sure do how do you know online 100 bucks
we got it for 40 so we got for a
discount it's one of those products that
I think the the price that's reported
online isn't the real one but uh even 40
is that not the cheapest feeling Mouse
you've ever held in your hand it's
definitely cheaper feeling but the
movement doesn't feel much worse than
the dart frog maybe it's just the weight
it's a lot easier to move cuz it weighs
nothing yeah we tested it against the
dart frog and it's about seven times
less precise that's bad cuz the dart
frog is already horrible uh and so uh
maybe the lus does counteract the in
preciseness of it numbers don't lie dude
I am smack in between the dart frog and
the razor that might be that in spite of
its Precision issues it's actually
closer to the standard 800 DPI right or
it's super light which makes it feel
cheap but is also an advantage when
you're making micro adjustments but hey
that's just a theory
too soon yeah sorry I miss him too I
think it's time to move on to our
darkart frog keyboard the very real user
reviews for this one include this gem
from Margaret it lights up making the
gaming more
entertaining all right I personally find
that this RGB strip contributes more to
my typing of the Dead experience than
the lights on my keyboard but you do you
Margaret did you guys bring a real
keyboard for me to try as well or I was
just thinking about that we have the
razor membrane one but it might be nice
to have like an actual mechanical
keyboard look how much Flex there is in
this thing it's part of the feature it's
ergonomic this is
unbelievable surprising to me the
latency on both the dart frog and the
tech theory was actually lower than
similarly priced razor and Logitech
accessories but it's all within a factor
of a few milliseconds so it's all kind
of
bad you're doing good Zombie's dying
he's really concentrating
I love how uh called
out redditors are in
this is monkey type their
thing it's more the
words like Eat the Rich like no that
wasn't in there but that that kind of
stuff just like typical redditor you
know oh I love it um do you want to try
the same thing on a good keyboard yeah
let's do that at least a decent one oo
hey at least I can feel where the home
row is that's a plus yeah Karma bites
see that's what I'm talking about
orwellian so
tired
nothing I not a very focused person I
find this actually very difficult to do
but I think that was better oh yeah like
20% better so a better keyboard is
better riveting next it calls for me to
test out the speakers but uh Jordan yeah
you were saying they weren't plugged in
but they show up as USB speakers
wow yeah that's a speaker right that's
terrible you know what for 11
bucks fine sure they got RGB let's win
this match here we go Team Cobra incom
oh my God this mouse is so bad I didn't
realize how bad it was it's so bad did
you see it just lose tracking there yeah
yeah do a big swing no I can't I can't
look at this are you see this wow okay
wait was that in the lab's results that
it can't no that the max tracking speed
is like
zero you know what the lonus vibe is
still a valid measure dude can I have
that lightweight one the other crappy
one oh my God this one's almost as bad
just
completely loses it I can't turn
around no
okay you want to you want to try the
cheap Logitech one just just to see it's
going to be bad too it's just as bad way
better oh it's way better it's bad yeah
but it's way better like it still it
still does lose tracking sometimes but
oh no it's really bad you know what the
speakers are far from my biggest problem
they seem pretty fine other than that I
assume the one with the label would be
the right channel I think it's actually
the left I would do anything to stop
using this mouse right now well you're
in luck we have the cheapest peripheral
of the entire day ready for you lonus oh
good wireless mouse d09 this is really
laggy like you said but it just outright
loses my tracking far less often still
not great but actually usable a little
more on that later for now let's go back
to the speakers where come on you guys
all knew this was
coming what is it I can't even do it
like the the peanuts thing oh yeah yeah
[Music]
you know given my
expectations not bad for $11 like I'm
sitting I was going into this thinking
I'm I'm going be like King Hamlet
what frogs and poison like poison in the
ears from the
ah what you want current pop culture
references come
on something to keep in mind in all of
this is at the prices we paid for these
peripherals it's not that easy to find
better products I mean a Big Mac meal at
McDonald's costs more than this mouse in
most of America but don't mistake that
for a recommendation for the mouse or
actually the burger for that matter it's
not products like this suck and in my
opinion they just shouldn't even be made
to be clear I also have no problem with
budget peripherals the speakers totally
usable and the Eastern times mouse that
I highlighted earlier which was also at
the auto store in spite of its supremely
generic packaging and underwhelming
product specs actually performed
decently well for what it is a doublea
powered Wireless utility Mouse and it's
just $9 which illustrates why I find
dart frogs offerings especially this
mouse so offensive they don't need to be
this bad maybe a 12 cent sensor and
another nickel in Plastics could have
been all the UPG upgrade that it needed
to be usable of course my real
recommendation is to wait for your next
payday and pick up something from a
brand that is likely to still exist by
the time you make it through the
checkout you know just in case you need
warranty support at the msrps of the
products that we looked at today there
are some very decent options the Razer
Death Adder essential or the Logitech
203 are both available for about $30 and
both of them are much better than any of
the mice that we just looked at in terms
of keyboards I know we've MD on red
dragon in the past but they've uped
their game and they now make pretty
decent mechanical hot swappable
keyboards for less than 40 bucks we're
going to have links to our suggestions
in the video description because in our
opinion the premium is well worth it for
something that you might be touching for
hours a day and don't forget guys that
if that's not an option for you because
you're on a tight budget secondhand is a
great way to go just remember to test
everything you buy before you walk away
just like I'm going to walk away from
this segue to our sponsor charge get
ready to power up with the shiek 100
power bank the world's first transparent
power bank that's as fun as it is
functional with a whopping 25,600 Milah
capacity it'll keep you going
continually and with 100 wat in and out
fast charging your devices will be
revved up in no time fully recharged in
just 90 minutes but that's not all it's
smart IPS display and multiple outputs
including an adjust able DC Port make
charging a breeze compatible with all
your favorite gadgets and Airline safe
the charge 100 wat power bank is your
ticket to Dependable power on the go
check it out using the link in the
description today if you like videos
about terrible gaming perals check out
our review of the Tommy hillfigure
gaming bundle it's it's one of the
products of all time